root=blue,brightblue            #root fg, bg
border=white,white              #border fg, bg
window=blue,white               #window fg, bg
shadow=blue,blue                #shadow fg, bg
title=white,blue                #title fg, bg
button=white,blue               #button fg, bg
actbutton=blue,blue             #active button fg, bg
checkbox=blue,white         	#checkbox fg, bg
actcheckbox=white,red           #active checkbox fg, bg
entry=blue,lightgray            #entry box fg, bg
disentry=blue,white             #disabled entry fg, bg
listbox=magenta,white           #listbox fg, bg
actlistbox=white,black          #active listbox fg, bg
textbox=blue,white              #textbox fg, bg
acttextbox=blue,black           #active textbox fg, bg
helpline=blue,brightgreen       #help line
label=blue,green                #label fg, bg
roottext=green                  #root text
emptyscale=green                #scale full
fullscale=green                 #scale empty
compactbutton=white,brightblue  #compact button fg, bg
actsellistbox=blue              #active & sel listbox
sellistbox=blue                 #selected listbox

